description



=License=
Use of the Raspberry Pi Jabber Communication Bot source code is governed by the Apache License:
<pre>
 Copyright 2012-2013 SoftCognito.org.

 All rights reserved. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
</pre>
Third-party source code is licensed as noted in their source files.
For source code please check out the github repository.

=Prerequisite=

JabberPi requires JAVA 7 (or JAVA 1.7). 
Before installing JabberPi itself please install first appropriate operating system that supports JVM what is described here: www.oracle.com. The manual covers the whole operating system installation process, the part regarding installing JAVA is basically limited to downloading and extracting the JAVA binaries.
NOTE: These instructions are for Debian Squeeze. Other Linux implementations for the Raspberry Pi might work, but they must have been built for the ARM chip's software floating point. Images linked from the Raspberry Pi website might have been built for hardware floating point; they will not work with Java SE for Embedded.
JabberPi uses a few operating system features that make it work only with Linux.

=Architecture=

=Installation=

=Configuration=

==/opt/JabberPi/cfg/JabberProxy.config==

===Connection===

===Accessibility===
